Welcome back.
In this video we're going to talk about this first point HDB s and why we need it for progressive web
apps now progressive web apps have a certain checklist you can check out on the progressive Web app
checklist.
And I know I know I said that there isn't a checklist.
Think of it think of progressive web apps as a running list.
But that's because these are probably going to get constantly updated and changed.
Now this checklist as you go through it does look a little bit overwhelming.
But we've been following good practices while building our apps just like we did with robo friends.
And you've actually done most of these things.
So that's why instead of showing you this we only really need to focus on three main things that a progressive
web app needs to do now beside these there's a few features but the adoption for them such as push notifications
haven't been that smooth or are still in the works.
So for now we're going to focus on things that you can implement right now fully and be confident that
they're going to work in your app.
So HDTV S HD G.P.S. as you know since we mentioned it a little bit in the SSA section prevents bad actors
from tampering with communications between our app and browser so that if we're sending let's say a
user name and password to our server we can encrypt it so that that message that includes our password
travels to the server in an encrypted fashion so that if Bob the evil third party hacker is trying to
intercept the messages and read them even if he intercepts the message he won't understand it because
it's encrypted.
And again this is something that we talked about in my previous course.
Now Google is really pushing for this HDP US encryption and if we go back to our Web sites we see that
a G.P.S. we have this little nice lock icon with secure that's a good sign.
Chrome has actually updated so that if you have any sort of forms on your Web site and they're not a
CTP yes they'll show up here as not secure.
Pretty much shaming Web sites for not using a yes.
So anytime you're sending data from the client to the server you should be using 82 B.S..
Now why do we need that though for progressive web apps and that is because progressive web apps use
some features that we're going to talk about in other videos that require a GDP yes for security reasons
although this is a requirement for progressive web app in general you should always serve your Web sites
if there's any sort of communication with the server through HDD and if we go to our lighthouse report
you see that when you scroll to progressive web app and we check out the nine past audits that we had
we have users ACP yes as one of the requirements but how did that happen.
How do we have HDP s already.
And luckily for us we get this out of the box with get hub pages.
You can see over here that this link that was generated is a GDP s so anytime you put a Web site on
get how pages we automatically get this encryption which is fantastic.
Not all Web sites can be hosted on GitHub pages.
You probably want to have your own server your own domain name Well the easiest way to get a G.P.S.
is probably through Let's Encrypt Let's Encrypt is a free.
And it writes It says over here it's a free automated and open Certificate Authority.
And they're fantastic to use.
And a certificate authority is just this authority that says I'll give you a certificate to certify
that yes you are indeed whoever you say you are whatever your domain name is and let's encrypt gives
you free certificates.
That is really really easy to setup and they have great documentation for you to use.
I highly recommend the.
You also have something like CloudFlare and Cluff there is a C.D. and or a content delivery network
which we're going to talk about in later sections.
But for now you can think of them as a server that you can put your files on and just like get hub pages
that hosts your files on their servers CloudFlare hosts your site on their pages and automatically through
them you get a sheet.
Yes.
And if you go to their pricing they're actually very very generous and there's a free plan for personal
blog posts and any simple Web sites that you have.
Again I highly recommend them and they actually do improve your performance of the Web site as well.
Again something that we'll get into in the performance part 3 section going back to our Web site.
This is something that we get out of the box our app is going to work with all the other features of
progressive web app because it's on GitHub pages and we automatically get this issue to be s awesome
and we can double checked over here with pre act how can use that yep indeed they are using a sheet
G.P.S. as well.
All right.
That's it for now.
I'll see in the next one by.